README.md, before:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper">
    <img src="img/Ghost.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">D2 Shopper</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A Discord Bot to let your clan know if they can buy what they're missing
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues">Report Bug</a>
    .
    <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/total) ![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?color=dark-green) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/LitSarah/D2-Shopper) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LitSarah/D2-Shopper)

![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?style=social) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?style=social)

## Table Of Contents

- [About the Project](#about-the-project)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About The Project

D2 Shopper is a Discord bot that will show your clan members if anyone is selling a mod or exotic armor that they are missing.

## Built With

- Node.js
- Discord.js
- Axios

## Getting Started

Here's how to add the D2 Shopper bot to your Discord server.

### Prerequisites

- Manage Server permissions on the Discord server the bot is being added to

### Installation

1. [Click here to authorize the bot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=950413026627059832&permissions=2147503104&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

2. ???

3. Profit!

## Usage

```
/profile {name}
```

Displays information about the player queried, like Bungie Name, created date, and Bungie ID.

```
/clan {name}
```

Displays information about the clan, like name, call sign, and members.

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

- If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the _README.md_ file with necessary changes.
- Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
- Create individual PR for each suggestion.
- Please also read through the [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before posting your first idea as well.

### Creating A Pull Request

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the GNU GPLv3 License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Authors

- **Sarah Little** - _[BOS] Leader_ - [Sarah Little](https://github.com/LitSarah/) - _Main author_

## Acknowledgements

- [ImgShields](https://shields.io/)

Commit message:

Add information about bot permissions

README.md, after:

<br/>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper">
    <img src="img/Ghost.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">D2 Shopper</h3>

  <p align="center">
    A Discord Bot to let your clan know if they can buy what they're missing
    <br/>
    <br/>
    <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues">Report Bug</a>
    .
    <a href="https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</p>

![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/total) ![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?color=dark-green) ![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/LitSarah/D2-Shopper) ![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LitSarah/D2-Shopper) ![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?style=social) ![Stargazers](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/LitSarah/D2-Shopper?style=social)

## Table Of Contents

- [About the Project](#about-the-project)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About The Project

D2 Shopper is a Discord bot that will show your clan members if anyone is selling a mod or exotic armor that they are missing.

## Getting Started

Here's how to add the D2 Shopper bot to your Discord server.

### Prerequisites

- Manage Server permissions on the Discord server the bot is being added to

### Installation

1. [Click here to authorize the bot](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=950413026627059832&permissions=2147503104&scope=bot%20applications.commands)

2. ???

3. Profit!

### Permissions

- `applications.commands` - Create and modify slash commands
- `Read Messages/View Channels` - ability to monitor for commands
- `Send Messages` - ability to send messages
- `Embed Links` - ability to add embeds and links to external sites like [light.gg](https://www.light.gg/)
- `Use Slash Commands` - ability to use slash commands

## Usage

```
/profile {name}
```

Displays information about the player queried, like Bungie Name, created date, and Bungie ID.

```
/clan {name}
```

Displays information about the clan, like name, call sign, and members.

## Roadmap

See the [open issues](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues) for a list of proposed features (and known issues).

## Built With

- Node.js
- Discord.js
- Axios

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

- If you have suggestions for adding or removing projects, feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/issues/new) to discuss it, or directly create a pull request after you edit the _README.md_ file with necessary changes.
- Please make sure you check your spelling and grammar.
- Create individual PR for each suggestion.
- Please also read through the [Code Of Conduct](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) before posting your first idea as well.

### Creating A Pull Request

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

Distributed under the GNU GPLv3 License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/LitSarah/D2-Shopper/blob/main/LICENSE.md) for more information.

## Authors

- **Sarah Little** - _[BOS] Leader_ - [Sarah Little](https://github.com/LitSarah/) - _Main author_

## Acknowledgements

- [ImgShields](https://shields.io/)
